Pass pre-built `WKWebView` instance to `makeCustomWebView` (#41)
joemasilotti/TurboNavigator: README.md

### Customize the web view and web view configuration

> A closure is used because a new instance is needed for each web view. The closure has a `WKWebView` argument that's pre-built and ready to be customized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A closure is used because a new instance is needed for each web view. The closure has a `WKWebViewConfiguration` argument that's pre-built and ready to be customized and assigned to a new web view.
```

```swift
TurboConfig.shared.makeCustomWebView = { (configuration: WKWebViewConfiguration) in
    // Customize the WKWebViewConfiguration instance
    // ...

    return WKWebView(frame: .zero, configuration: configuration)
}
```

In case the `WKWebView` argument doesn't suit your needs, you can construct your own. Don't forget to set user agent and use a shared process pool on the configuration.

```swift
TurboConfig.shared.makeCustomWebView = { _ in

>     let configuration = WKWebViewConfiguration()

Reviewer: This can be updated to use the new variable instead of creating a new instance.
